Struggling Author mission chain (#10680)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/culture conversations.txt

			label backtoship
			`	With the atmosphere steeped in nostalgia for a distant city on a distant world long past, you return to your ship.`

mission "Struggling Author Gone Missing"
	minor
	landing
	source "Zug"
	to offer
		random < 88
		has "event: beyond the hyperdrive is published"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As your ship settles down on landing pad A5B, two young adults approach. One speaks up, "Hello, sir. Have you seen a woman named Anna Fangvin anywhere? She was last seen in the spaceport, and must have left in someone's spaceship."`

Reviewer: > Hello, sir.

Isn't the player's gender supposed to never be stated?

> 			`	Around the spaceport you see countless other groups doing the same thing. Anna must have been more popular then she thought.`

Reviewer: than*

			label backtoship
			`	With the atmosphere steeped in nostalgia for a distant city on a distant world long past, you return to your ship.`

mission "Struggling Author Gone Missing"
	minor
	landing
	source "Zug"
	to offer
		random < 88
		has "event: beyond the hyperdrive is published"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As your ship settles down on landing pad A5B, two young adults approach. One speaks up, "Hello, captain. Have you seen a woman named Anna Fangvin anywhere? She was last seen in the spaceport, and must have left in someone's spaceship."`
			`	Around the spaceport you see countless other groups doing the same thing. Anna must have been more popular than she thought.`
			choice
				`	"She went to another star system a long ways from here. You won't be able to get to her."`
				`	"No, I don't know. Sorry."`
					goto continue
			`	"If you ever see her again, tell her that the Coalition of Book Enjoyers appreciates her work. It wouldn't be possible for you to bring us to her location?" You respond in the negative, and the two go off to the other groups to spread the news.`
			label continue

> 			`	On many of the spaceport walls posters hang - here, again, Anna must have been famous. The posters read:`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Posters hang on many of the spaceport's walls - here too, Anna must have been famous. The posters read:`
```

			label backtoship
			`	With the atmosphere steeped in nostalgia for a distant city on a distant world long past, you return to your ship.`

mission "Struggling Author Gone Missing"
	minor
	landing
	source "Zug"
	to offer
		random < 88
		has "event: beyond the hyperdrive is published"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As your ship settles down on landing pad A5B, two young adults approach. One speaks up, "Hello, Captain. Have you seen a woman named Anna Fangvin anywhere? She was last seen in the spaceport, and must have left in someone's spaceship."`

> 			`	Around the spaceport you see countless other groups doing the same thing. Anna must have been more popular than she thought.`

Reviewer 3: If she's this popular that she's known throughout an entire planet, then why did none of her books ever sell? Why was she always broke? Unless she was lying about being a starving artists, this doesn't really make sense.

Author: Changed it to imply that they share her books, possibly being too poor to buy more than a few copies.
